site/content/docs/faq.md, before:

+++
title = "FAQ"
weight = 70
+++

## How can I control what monitor displays the grid when it's invoked?

It will open on the monitor of the current application if you
enable "Displays have separate spaces" in macOS.
To do so:
System Settings.app -> "Desktop and Dock" in left side bar -> "Mission Control" section -> "Displays have separate Spaces".
Unfortunately this requires logging out and back in.

If you don't have "Displays have separate spaces" enabled,
it seems to open on different monitors at random.

If you want more control than this,
[open a ticket](https://github.com/mrled/GridCraft/issues).

## What hotkey should I use to invoke GridCraft?

This is totally up to you.

Try a keyboard with programmable keys running [QMK](https://qmk.fm/) or [ZMK](https://zmk.dev/)
and put an F-key that you don't use for something else somewhere easy to reach.
You can just hit one button, without even holding down a modifier key.

For users stuck on laptop keyboards (my condolences),
I hear that [Karabiner Elements](https://karabiner-elements.pqrs.org/)
is popular.

Check out [Configuration In The Wild]({{< ref "in-the-wild" >}})
to see what other users have for their hotkey.

## What's up with Lua "tables" and "tables of tables"?

This is pretty basic Lua knowledge, but the terminology was new to me so I wrote it down here.

Lua has a data structure called "tables" which can array-like lists or object-like key-value associations.

```lua
-- array-like:
{ 1, 2, 3, "etc" }

-- object-like:
{ key="value", key2="value2", key3="etc..." }
```

"Tables of tables" are just nested tables.
The way we lay out our key grids are nested array-like tables:

```lua
{
  -- The table for the top row
  {
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "e", application = "Terminal" },
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "r", application = "Visual Studio Code", description = "VS Code" },
  },
  -- The table for the bottom row
  {
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "d", file = os.getenv("HOME") .. "/Downloads" },
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "f", application = "Finder" },
  },
},
```

Commit message:

Improve landing page docs
Update faq for screen selection

Make separate colophon page

site/content/docs/faq.md, after:

+++
title = "FAQ"
weight = 70
+++

## How can I control what monitor displays the grid when it's invoked?

See [GridCraft.Configuration.displayScreen]({{< ref "docs/api/gridcraft.configuration" >}}#displayscreen).

We recommend enabling "Displays have separate spaces" in macOS.
To do so:
System Settings.app -> "Desktop and Dock" in left side bar -> "Mission Control" section -> "Displays have separate Spaces".
Unfortunately this requires logging out and back in.

Without this setting enabled, sometimes where the grid opens can be unpredictable.

## What hotkey should I use to invoke GridCraft?

This is totally up to you.

Try a keyboard with programmable keys running [QMK](https://qmk.fm/) or [ZMK](https://zmk.dev/)
and put an F-key that you don't use for something else somewhere easy to reach.
You can just hit one button, without even holding down a modifier key.

For users stuck on laptop keyboards (my condolences),
I hear that [Karabiner Elements](https://karabiner-elements.pqrs.org/)
is popular.

Check out [Configuration In The Wild]({{< ref "in-the-wild" >}})
to see what other users have for their hotkey.

## What's up with Lua "tables" and "tables of tables"?

This is pretty basic Lua knowledge, but the terminology was new to me so I wrote it down here.

Lua has a data structure called "tables" which can array-like lists or object-like key-value associations.

```lua
-- array-like:
{ 1, 2, 3, "etc" }

-- object-like:
{ key="value", key2="value2", key3="etc..." }
```

"Tables of tables" are just nested tables.
The way we lay out our key grids are nested array-like tables:

```lua
{
  -- The table for the top row
  {
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "e", application = "Terminal" },
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "r", application = "Visual Studio Code", description = "VS Code" },
  },
  -- The table for the bottom row
  {
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "d", file = os.getenv("HOME") .. "/Downloads" },
    spoon.GridCraft.Action.new { key = "f", application = "Finder" },
  },
},
```
